Add release post for 3.34 (2021-11-23) (#4993)
sourcegraph/about: blogposts/2021/release-3.34.md

    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/26995
    category: Search
  - description: 'Version contexts and `repogroup` filters (deprecated in v3.33) have been removed in favor of search contexts.'
    url: https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog/introducing-search-contexts/
    category: Search
  - description: 'Saved search notifications (deprecated in v3.31.0) have been removed in favor of code monitoring.'
    url: https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_monitoring
    category: Search
---

Sourcegraph 3.34 is now available! Here are some highlights from this release:

## Troubleshoot your searches with the "no results" page

Searches that return no results can result in a confusing experience. When this occurs, we now display helpful tips on how to use search, examples of how to solve common query issues, and links to tutorial videos addressing common use cases.

> <img style="max-width:calc(100% - 10px)" alt="Find implementations for Go" src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/3.34/no_results_page.png">

Reviewer: Is there some other way we can format the images? They're a little tough on the eyes at the moment with no line breaks between them and the text, and no drop shadow. I also think it'd be worthwhile to add captions so people understand what they're seeing. I tried to use the basic markdown formatting to see if that helps but that makes the images enormous 😅 @jyavorska you have helped me with rogue images in the handbook, wondering if you have ideas here?

Reviewer 2: We can definitely change the embedded style here. It looks like bootstrap is available, so I will use some basic styling.

Reviewer 2: Ok it should be a bit better now. I don't know where people were getting the idea to add the `style` attribute but I found it in some recent ones too and updated those to use the new `blog-images` css class. If we figure out where that is coming from, we can update the instructions for everyone to use `blog-images` instead.

> <img class="blog-image" title="Find implementations for Go" alt="Find implementations for Go" src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/3.34/no_results_page.png">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<img class="blog-image" title="No results page" alt="This image shows the new no results page, with resources available to troubleshoot your search when no results are returned." src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/3.34/no_results_page.png">
```

cc @benvenker the alt and title tags here seemed wrong so I updated them. If these are wrong too please follow up with a correction.

## Quickly navigate your Go code with Find Implementations

If you have precise code intelligence enabled for your Go repositories, you can now click on "Find Implementations" to navigate to a symbol's interface definition. If you're at the interface definition itself, clicking on the same button will show all the places where the interface is being implemented, allowing you to explore how it's being used by other users across repositories. It can also show you which interfaces a struct implements.

> <img class="blog-image" alt="Find implementations for Go" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1657213/142938393-7aed0c41-28b8-4cab-bf0d-2f9fd7f1078c.png">

Reviewer 2: @macraig these images are showing very nearly the exact same thing as best I can tell, what's the difference between the two?

Reviewer 2: @iskyOS I wouldn't block merging the release post on this, a fix could come in a follow up (or not).

Reviewer 3: @jyavorska fair point. One shows where an interface is implemented across many different repositories, the other shows how you see where the interface is defined from a repo that implements it. I understand this seems too similar and confusing (and we're actually currently looking into a way of making these two directions clearer in the UI). I think we can remove the second image, I'll do that right now.

> <img class="blog-image" title="Find implementations for Go" alt="Find implementations for Go 2" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1657213/142938404-3b845bec-5da2-4ec7-bf17-0e273ff38dcd.png">

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
